Day1 Madurai-Rameshwaram
Arrive at Madurai airport. Report to coach & proceed to Rameshwaram. In the eveing visit the temple.

Day2 Rameshwaram-Madurai
Early morning proceed for Sphatik darshan. Later proceed to Madurai.On arrival visit Meenakshi temple - Madurai's claim to fame for its meticulous colorful carvings on the Gopurams (towers), in the vivid Dravidian image of Gods, Goddess, animal andmythical figures.

Day3 Madurai-Bhubaneshwar-Puri(By flight)
Proceed to airport to board the flight for Bhubaneshwar. Arrive in Bhubaneshwar and proceed to Puri. En-route visit Konark Sun Temple- a World Heritage Site. In the evening free time for relaxation at the Puri Beach.

Day4 Puri-Bhubaneshwar
Visit Lord Jagannath Temple dedicated to Lord Vishnu and Gundecha Temple- Aunt of Lord Jagannath. Later proceed to Bhubaneshwar. Arrive in Bhubaneshwar and overnight stay.

Day5 Bhubaneshwar-Delhi-Haridwar(By flight)
Proceed to airport to board the flight for Delhi. Arrive in Delhi and proceed to Haridwar.

Day6 Haridwar-Sitapur
Proceed to Sitapur. Arrive at Sitapur in evening.

Day7 Sitapur-Kedarnath
Proceed to Kedarnath by trekk of 21 kms. On Arrival at Kedarnath in the evening visit the famous Kedarnath temple and Shankaracharya Samadhi.
Notes : Day note: Traveling from Sonprayag to Gaurikund will be By Jeep.

Day8 Kedarnath-Sitapur
Return back to Sitapur by trek of 21 kms.

Day9 Sitapur-Badrinath
Proceed to Badrinath, en-route view the 3 Sangams of holy rivers -Vishnuprayag- Alaknanda and Dhauliganga, Nandprayag - Alaknanda and Nandakini, Karnaprayag- Alaknanda and Pinderganga. Arrive at Badrinath in the evening.

Day10 Badrinath
Visit Badrinath Temple, Mana village, Saraswati river, Vyas Gumpha, Ganesh Gumpha, Bhimpul &Pandava's Swargarohan Margdarshan. Take a holy dip in Tapt Kund fed by the hot sulphurous springs.

Day11 Badrinath-Kirtinagar
Proceed to Kirtinagar. Arrive at Kirtinagar in the evening.

Day12 Kirtinagar-Rishikesh-Haridwar
Proceed to Haridwar. En-route see Deoprayag, the sangam of Alaknanda and Bhagirathi rivers. On arrival at Rishikesh, visit Laxman Zhulla, Baba Kali Kamliwala Ashram, Geeta Bhavan and Gangaghat of Haridwar. In the evening visit Har ki Pawadi and attend Gangaarati.
Notes : Day Note :From Laxman zulla to Baba Kamli wala Ashram By Jeep.

Day13 Haridwar-Delhi-Ahmedabad(By flight)
Proceed to Delhi airport to board the flight for ahmedabad. Arrive in ahmedabad.

Day14 Ahmedabad-Dwarka
Proceed to Dwarka. Dwarka is the legendary dwelling place of Lord Krishna.

Day15 Dwarka-Bet Dwarka-Dwarka
In the morning visit Dwarkadhish Mandir. Later proceed to Bet Dwarka - residence of Lord Shri Krishna. On arrival visit Dwarkadheesh temple and Rukmini temple.

Day16 Dwarka-Somnath
Proceed to Somnath. En-route visit Sudhama temple at Porbander - the city earlier known as Sudama Nagari. Arrive at Verval. Visit Prabhas Pathan (Bhalka Tirtha - which when translated means 'the holy village of Bhalka'). This is also the same placewhere Lord Krishna is said to have breathe his last breath. Arrive at Somnath. Visit Somnath Temple - a revered Jyotirlinga on the western coast of India.

Day17 Somnath-Departure from Rajkot
Proceed to Rajkot. Board the flight for your hometown. Tour Concludes.
