Day1 Niagara
Arrive in Niagara. Free time to stroll around Niagara Falls - the greatest natural wonder of the world.

Day2 Niagara
View the Niagara Falls, visit the Goat Island, experience the thrill of Cave of the Winds, board 'Maid of the Mist' cruise (Subject to Operation) to take a close encounter with the falls. Explore the Niagara falls illuminations in the evening.

Day3 Niagara-Courning Museum of Glass-New York/New Jersy
Proceed to New York. En-route visit the Corning Museum of Glass (1 Hr 30 Mins), which includes Glass Gallery - contains one of the best collections of glass art and The Hot Glass Show - a glass blowing demonstration. Enjoy shopping at The Glass Market, which offers a wide range of glass art. Arrive in New York in the evening.

Day4 New York/New jersy
City orientation tour includes the United Nations Building, Rockefeller Center and 5th Avenue, Brooklyn Bridge, Manhatten Bridge, Trump Tower, wall street, charging bull, Visit the Central Park and Ground Zero Point - the site of the World Trade Center. Travel by ferry to visit the Statue of Liberty on Liberty island. Free time for shopping . In the evening visit One World Tower Observatory Deck – the tallest sky scrapper in the western hemisphere to enjoy stunning views of New York city. Enjoy drive along the famous Times Square and the Manhattan city.

Day5 New York/New Jersy-Philadelphia-Washington
Proceed to Washington. En-route visit Philadelphia – the fifth most populous city in USA and also the 'birthplace of America's modern democracy', founded by William Penn. Explore the city of Philadelphia which includes visit National Independence Park, where we will find the city's three most historic locations: Independence Hall, Congress Hall and the famous Liberty Bell. Arrive at Washington in the evening. Visit to the Washington Monument, Lincoln Memorial followed by the orientation city tour which includes the Union Railway Station, Capitol Hill and Pentagon building. Photograph yourself at the background of the White House.

Day6 Washington-Luray Caverns-Washington 
Visit Luray Caverns - a network of underground caves adorned with stalactites, stalagmites, flowstone and mirrored pools. Experience this natural wonder on a guided tour of these underground caves. Arrive Washington. Later visit the Smithsonian Air and Space Museum.

Day7 Departure from Washington
Proceed to Airport, Board the flight to your Home town. Tour Concludes.
