Day1 Montreal
Arrive in Montreal.

Day2 Montreal-Quebec-Montreal
Proceed to Qubec. On the way enjoy picnic lunch at Beautiful waterfalls Chutes-de-la-Chaudiere. On arrival city tour of Quebec includes visit to the Upper and Lower Towns, see the Parliament Buildings, the Plains of Abraham, the Citadel, Chateau Fro ntenac, Place d'Armes and Quebec National Assembly. Visit to the Montmorency waterfalls – Highest in the province of Quebec.

Day3 Montreal-Ottawa
City tour of Montreal includes St. Joseph Oratory from inside, guided tour of Montreal Olympic Stadium, Olympic tower cable ride (Subject to Operation), Jacques Cartier Square, Mt. Royal and the Notre Dame cathedral. Explore Montreal Underground City – a series of interconnected office towers, hotels, shopping centres, residential and commercial complexes, convention halls, universities and performing arts venues that form the heart of Montreal's central business district, colloquially referred to as Downtown Montreal. Proceed to Ottawa. Arrive at Ottawa - the capital of Canada in the evening.

Day4 Ottawa-Kingston-Toronto 
Proceed to City tour of Ottawa includes the Parliament Building, visit to Ottawa Natural History museum from inside, Centennial Flame, Peace Tower Monument. Later drive through Embassy district area and the Rideau Canal. Enroute enjoy the 1000 Island Cruise. Proceed to Toronto. Arrive in Toronto in the evening.

Day5 Toronto-Niagara Falls
Visit CN Tower for great views of the city’s skyline. Proceed to Niagara. Board the 'Hornblower Cruise' for the breathtaking view of the Niagara falls from the boat, through the crashing waters and massive rock formations. Later visit the Skylon tower to view the great falls and to take pictures of the three falls. In the evening stroll around Niagara falls.

Day6 Niagara Falls-Toronto-Calgary-Banff
Proceed to Toronto. Board the flight for Calgary. On arrival enjoy city orientation tour of Calgary and proceed to Banff

Day7 Banff
Visit the famous Banff National Park – a gateway to the majestic Canadian Rockies. City tour of Banff includes the Bow falls, Hoodoo Lookout, and Surprise corner. Enjoy Lake cruise at Lake Minnewanka. Enjoy Gondola ride for a panoramic view of the Banff city and Canadian Rockies

Day8 Banff-Columbia Ice Field-Jasper
Proceed to Jasper. View the stunning glacier scenery at Bow Lake, Peyto Lake and Crowfoot Glacier. Enjoy a picturesque province of Alberta; Lake Louise with its cold turquoise waters, a perfect natural mirror reflecting the surrounding mountains and glaciers. Have a lifetime experience at the Columbia Ice field. Take a snow coach and travel to the famous Athabasca Glacier. Photograph yourself with the huge snow mountains. Arrive in Jasper.

Day9 Jasper-Maligne Canyon-Kamloops
Drive through Patricia lakes followed by visit to the beautiful Maligne Canyon. Enjoy Tram Ride to Mount Whistler and have bird's eye view of the town. Later proceed to Kamloops situated at the confluence of the North and South Thompson River in the Thompson Valley. Photo stop to view Mt. Robson, the highest point in the Canadian Rockies. Drive through spectacular Rocky Mountains. Arrive Kamloops.

Day10 Kamloops-Lillooet-Whistler
Travel through the Lillooet Mountain Range. Arrive in Whistler.

Day11 Whistler
Enjoy Peak to Peak Gondola ride at Whistler. Rest of the day enjoy the scenic beauty of this Canadian village.

Day12 Whistler-Vancouver
Proceed to Vancouver. Enjoy Guided City tour of Vancouver includes Stanley Park, Chinatown, English Bay, bustling Robson Street, Capilano Suspension bridge, Historic Gastown with its steam-powered clock. Enjoy Fly Over Canada Ride - an awe-inspiring experience utilizes state-of-the-art technology to give you the feeling of flight. Special effects, including wind, mist and scents, combine with the ride’s motion to create an unforgettable experience.

Day13 Vancouver-Victoria-Vancouver
Take a ferry for a day excursion to Victoria. On arrival, visit the world famous Butchart Gardens and stroll through the Victoria Inner Harbour and Old Town districts. Take a ferry to British Columbia mainland – Vancouver.

Day14 Departure from Vancouver
Board the flight for your hometown. Tour concludes.
