Day1 Port Blair
Arrive in Port Blair, report to the coach and proceed to hotel. Later visit Fisheries Museum. In the evening visit Cellular Museum and Cellular Jail, which stood mute witness to the torture meted out to the freedom fighters, who were incarcerated inthis Jail. History awakens as we visit 'Veer Sawarkar' Smarak and see the light and sound show.

Day2 Port Blair-Swaraj Dweep(Havelock)-Port Blair
Proceed to Swaraj Dweep (Havelock) by ferry. Visit Radhanagar Beach - rated as Asia's best beach in 2004 by the Times magazine. The island is known as one of the jewels of the Andaman archipelago.
Notes : For ferry from Port Blair to Swaraj Dweep (Havelock) & return for infant Original Birth certificate is mandatory at the time of check-in, if any guest fail to carry the same then they have to pay approx ticket charges of Rs. 2300 at the counter for return Journey.

Day3 Port Blair-Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose Dweep-Port Blair
Visit Chatham Saw Mill - one of the largest mills in Asia, Cottage Industries Emporium and Forest Museum that offers an insight into forest activities through scale models and displays decorative pieces made of famous woods like Padauk, Marble, Peauma, Gurjan, Satin Wood, etc. Later visit Anthropological Museum that depicts the life of Paloelithic Islanders, it also houses the models of the aborigines and their tools & Samudrika Naval Marine Museum - which is meant to create awareness on variousaspects of oceanic environment, has a good collection of shells, corals and a few colourful fishes. Later visit Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose Dweep(Ross) - the island presently houses ruins of old buildings like Ballroom, Chief Commissioner's house, Government House, Church, Cemetry, Hospital, Bakery, Press, Swimming Pool and Troop Barracks, all in dilapidated condition, reminiscent of the old British regime.

Day4 Port Blair-Jolly Buoy Island-Port Blair
Visit Jolly Buoy Island OR Red Skin Island. Enjoy swimming in the crystal clear blue water or various water sports activities on your own. Explore the Coral formations by the glass bottom boat ride. Later free time for leisure activities. Enjoy get-together with your travel companions in the evening.
Notes : Jolly Buoy & Red Skin Island are open alternatively, we will be visiting either of them depending on Season.

Day5 Departure from Port Blair
Board the flight for your hometown. Tour Concludes.