Day1 Las Vegas
Arrive in Las Vegas – An Entertainment Capital of the World

Day2 Las Vegas-Hoover-Las Vegas
Visit most famous Hoover dam & Lake Mead, the largest reservoir in the United States by volume. Visit some of the best hotels known for their interiors like Luxor, Venetian, etc. Visit Madame Tussuad's Wax Museum. Visit to Fremont area in the evening. and enjoy 'V' Show – The Ultimate Variety Show.

Day3 Las Vegas-Grand Canyon-Las Vegas 
arly morning depart to Grand Canyon by small plane to enjoy the aerial view of the famous Canyons and Colorado river. Later see various hotels known for Casinos and shows. In the evening experience the newest attraction in Las Vegas – The High Roller, The World's Tallest Observation wheel for a illuminated view of Las Vegas.

Day4 Las Vegas-Los Angeles
Proceed to Los Angeles. Arrive in Los Angeles – the world famous city of Hollywood stars. Drive through the rich and famous Rodeo Drive, view Beverly Hills Area – an upscale area with many Hollywood stars home, Hollywood Drive and Sunset Boulevard

Day5 Universal Studio
Full day of excitement at the Universal Studios. Day of excitement begins with a "Studio tour” of Hollywood's busiest back lot, see how and where movies and TV shows are filmed. Face King Kong as he unleashes 30 feet and 30,000 pounds of howling, growling in 3D show. Watch the mesmerizing "Water World" show, and "Transformer" at Universal Studios, where Hollywood comes to life!

Day6 Los Angeles-Solvang-San Francisco
Today proceed to San Francisco – A hilly city surrounded by Pacific Ocean. Enjoy a photo stop as you soak up the Californian sun at the famous Santa Barbara Beach. Later visit to Solvang, a historic town – really a Danish village filled with a little something for everyone. Drive pass the campus of Google & Apple Headquarters. Arrive in San Francisco.

Day7 San Francisco
Enjoy city tour includes city Hall, Visit Twin Peaks, Golden Gate Park and the Golden Gate Bridge. Visit the Union Square, enjoy the cable tram ride to Lombard street followed by a short walk on the Crooked Street and Fisherman's Wharf. Enjoy San Francisco Golden Gate Bay Cruise – one of the most popular way to enjoy San Francisco.

Day8 Departure From San Francisco
Proceed to Airport. Board the flight to your hometown. Tour Concludes.